Copyright (c) CrowdStrike, Inc.

By accessing or using this image, script, sample code, application programming interface, tools, and/or associated documentation (if any) (collectively, “Tools”), You (i) represent and warrant that You are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company, organization or another legal entity (“Entity”) that is currently a customer or partner of CrowdStrike, Inc. (“CrowdStrike”), and (ii) have the authority to bind such Entity and such Entity agrees to be bound by this Agreement. CrowdStrike grants Entity a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty free and limited license to access and use the Tools solely for Entity’s internal business purposes, including without limitation the rights to copy and modify the Tools as necessary for your internal purposes. Any third-party software, files, drivers or other components accessed and/or downloaded by You when using a Tool may be governed by additional terms or by a separate license provided or maintained by the third party provider.  THE TOOLS ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE. CROWDSTRIKE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL SUPPORT OBLIGATIONS AND ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL CROWDSTRIKE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE TOOLS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  THIS TOOL IS NOT ENDORSED BY ANY THIRD PARTY.
